hell D another member of the medical
team has taken over in the hunt for the
master fugitive bento bentos tried two
strategies to evade capture so far I
danced through the trees and throwing
the biggest branches he can find now
he's about to show them exactly why he
can't be trusted on the mainland he'll
be has to hit the arms or legs if
possible it's only a tranquilizer dart
but a chest hit could kill it will be
easier if bento was running away but
that's not his style up in the trees
he'll be finally has a clear shot
tracking down bento has been a real
challenge for the team this intelligent
orangutan has outwitted them nearly
every step of the way he's finally back
in custody and on the way to the island
if the crisis facing Borneo's wild
orangutangs continues it's the best home
that team can offer him